So bold
You dare to sit in any position, these abnormal positions
elder sister
You are still obediently following the invitation desk
Sit at the back
Don't embarrass yourself here
I guess so.
According to the regulations of the organizers
This is indeed a block girl
I said this is mine
If you don't believe me
You can hit 198.
You see the company
Who wants to see you forge and ask for money?
This person took Ms. Lapin's place without authorization
Still unrepentant
Hurry up and kill him
Pursue to work
Let's see who dares to touch him
I can think of the reserved seat in the second row.
This position should be Miss Lucky, Dad
The lucky lady hasn't come yet
It should not be necessary to cooperate with a location.
Don't worry.
Fourth brother invites you to dinner
Welcome to today's movie
The scene of the press conference
Please take a seat
Next, we have invited the new Ding Ru Best Actor
Mr. Du Qimei comes on stage
At the same time
We are also honored to have invited today
Ms. Rappe
Addressing the Best Recorder
Applause for Ms. Lappe
Where is Ms. Lappe?